                * * * Community of Social Gaming  * * * 

Community of Social Gaming is a community with an intention of getting everyone's ideas and making them come to life in a mod called "MTASA - Multi Theft Auto San Andreas", a modification for Grand Theft Auto San Andreas.
CSG started back in 2012 and the server unlocked the password for public view in July with thegamemode "Beta 1" which featured 1/5 of our features we include today. Our community has grown over the past year and is still growing to this day with a daily player visit of 100 players.



The History  

CSG was first created back in 2012 by the creators and founders, both called: UniOn(Dennis) and UniQ. CSG's first intention was to be a CnR/RP based server when was in the beta stages of the gamemode.
A couple weeks after, development started processing of "Beta 1", which featured basic stuff such as:
-	jobs
-	vehicles
-	housing 	etc...
Between June / July, CSG had released Beta 1 to the server and unlocked the server. Within minutes, over 300 players had connected to see what CSG had to offer in the gamemode of Beta 1. But, after 10 minutes of constant connects, our server crashed (crappy VPS).
Beta 1 didn't have much features to offer, so players started to leave. throughout the entire 2012, we only had a total of 50 players a day. And from that day, we decided to keep the gamemode updated constantly every day.

Around November / December of 2012, CSG had introduce a new leader ("Sensei"). Sensei was the new owner of CSG and 2 weeks after, rozza and sensei was the leaders of CSG. but after 1 - 2 weeks, things went downhill.
Rozza left CSG and basically deleted everything when he left. CSG basically died for 2 days. Dennis and UniQ had to return to fix things up at CSG because of the damage that was conflicted that day.
Not long after that, Dennis and UniQ left, leaving Sensei in charge of CSG. Most players didn't like it, but they had to deal with it.
Near New Years and after, 2 more leading staff was put on the roster ("Jack" and "Priyen"), Both have and still are developers of CSG during the growth of CSG and still remain developers to this day. Jack and Priyen basically lead the server development and helped CSG get out of beta and bad times with the scripts. Both today now lead CSG with Sensei. After hard work Developers released V2 which made alot of changes in the Server. Now Developers are planning to release V3 which will be totally changed / re-scripted Server.
