1. Deathmatching is not allowed outside the city of Las Venturas. Criminals are allowed to attack Law agents IF they are wanted and being chased by them. Also, killing other players in ANY interior is not allowed, even if its in Las Venturas;

2. The use of trainers and bugs is strictly forbidden and will result in a ban from the server;

3. Insulting and being racist towards other players will result in permanent server ban;
- Talking about any religion or Insulting any religion is forbidden also.
- We have zero Tolerance to racism.

4. Annoying the Server Staff is not allowed and will result in a punishment;

5. Any attempt to avoid punishment by the server staff will only result in a larger punishment to be applied;

6. Advertising or just speaking about other servers/commercial products will result in a permanent server ban;
- This means (Mainchat, localchat, Support Chat/SMS/Teamchat/Carchat/etc..)
- We can check logs, you are warned.

7. It is not allowed to share hacks, cracks or illegal downloads on the server;

8. It is not allowed to abuse any kind of bugs that give you an unfair advantage or spoil the fun of other players;

9. Do not force/blackmail other players to do something they dont want to;

10. Only language allowed in public channels is English (Main chat, team chat and support).
In the Local chat, Personal Messaging and Group chat, any language can be spoken;

11. Camping at the hospital, Spawn-killing and Spawn arresting are forbidden;

12. Arresting in a event is not allowed unless the event organizer says its allowed;

13. Do not use the mainchat for advertising, use the advert chat instead;

14. Spamming chats is not allowed. Also, misusing the Support Channel will be punished with a mute;

15. Selling accounts or other in-game contents is not allowed;

16. You must use normal names. Names with spam, advertisement and inappropriate things are not allowed;

17. Trolling other players is not allowed and is severely punished;

18. Always listen to server staff;

19. Don't PM admins requesting for removing Slaps, Freezes, reconnects and kicks, we wont delete it;
- Slaps, Freezes, Reconnects and kicks are auto removed every 15-21 days.

20. You got hacked? Lost Password? Anything else?
Use our Supporter Forum Board, open a Topic with the correct subject format 
and explain us what's the problem and we will try to help you asap.
You can also PM L5 or L6 staff about the problem.
Do NOT PM admins Ingame about it because it will be ignored;

21. Telling players "Do not chat here" or "Do not Misuse" in support channel is strictly forbidden.
Only staff members and community supporters can tell players this.

22. Don't use Support or SMS admins for Events cause it will only result in a mute;

23. Also begging for money and stuff to admins will result in a mute for requesting unfair advantages;

